Lóndrangar View Point - We’re nearing the Lóndrangar View Point, where two basalt columns soar above the surrounding cliffs. These dramatic columns help to explain Lóndrangar’s nickname: “the rocky castle.”

Malarrif Lighthouse - This distinctive lighthouse was built in 1917 to help sailors navigate the treacherous basalt cliffs. The Malarrif Lighthouse might look a little unusual to you: It’s almost shaped like a rocket preparing for lift-off!

Saxholl Crater - Imagine pools of magma bubbling away beneath the Earth’s surface. Sometimes, magma rises up to meet water-saturated rocks. Eventually, this can lead to something called a phreatic eruption. During phreatic eruptions, a huge quantity of water, steam, and molten rock explodes outwards! This leaves behind an enormous hollow, which you’ll be able to explore at Saxhóll Crater!


Skardsvik Beach - This beach is an absolute study in contrasts. You’ll be able to admire turquoise water straight out of a tropical vacation, while also enjoying the dark volcanic rock that defines so much of the peninsula.

Svortuloft Lighthouse -At the end of this road, the bright orange Svörtuloft Lighthouse stands out against the dark lava cliffs. Built in 1931, this lighthouse has helped generations of sailors and fishermen safely navigate the rocks and crags of the western Snæfellsnes Peninsula. Considered the best viewpoint in the national park.

Öndverðarnesviti - Another lighthouse, Öndverðarnesviti, overlooks the cliffs just ahead. Since its construction in 1973, sailors have relied on Öndverðarnesviti to help them navigate the peninsula’s rocky tip.

Svödufoss - So where did all this water come from? As you look at Svöðufoss, you’ll get a pretty big hint. Behind the falls rises Snæfellsjökull… with its glacier-capped summit! Meltwater from the glacier helps to sustain nearly all the waterfalls on Snæfellsnes Peninsula.

Bjarnarfoss -Here’s another reason to check out the waterfall: The Lady of the Mountain once bathed here! Not familiar with the Lady of the Mountain? Well, she is a legendary matriarch who locals consider the very incarnation of Iceland itself.

Búðakirkja - A black church in a stark landscape, one of Iceland’s most famous churches







These should go on day 9 drive 
Kolgrafarfjördur Viewpoint - provides a grand panorama
Kirkjufell Viewpoint - Unlike some of the other mountains on the peninsula, Kirkjufell is not a volcano. Instead, this is a nunatak! Nunataks are mountain peaks that rise above surrounding glaciers. The erosion of these glaciers left Kirkjufell with its sheer sides and cylindrical shape.
Bæjarfoss - The Bæjarfoss waterfall overlooks the small town of Ólafsvík. The waterfall’s name translates to “Town Falls”... and yes, Bæjarfoss is an easy walk from Ólafsvík!